Is that why you've been so spacey lately?
Too busy spreading your legs.
I like that.
I would never.
Well, at least you're finally bringing something to the table.
We've got a loaded male client who needs a little convincing.
I'm serious.
You spare me.
It's not like you have anything else to offer.
You're the only one here without a fancy degree.
I am perfectly capable of doing my job,
but they're stooping to something like that.
Leave the real work to those of us who can actually analyze a report, honey.
Your job to use your debauchery to seal the deal.
And if you can't seduce him, find another way.
Prove to me you're more than just the office slut.